

Answers for Answer Key for Quiz 34

1. Answer to What is the capital of North Carolina is: Raleigh 
2. Answer to What is the capital of Minnesota is: Saint Paul 
3. Answer to What is the capital of South Dakota is: Pierre 
4. Answer to What is the capital of Oklahoma is: Oklahoma City 
5. Answer to What is the capital of South Carolina is: Columbia 
6. Answer to What is the capital of Arizona is: Phoenix 
7. Answer to What is the capital of Wisconsin is: Madison 
8. Answer to What is the capital of New Jersey is: Trenton 
9. Answer to What is the capital of Nevada is: Carson City 
10. Answer to What is the capital of Georgia is: Atlanta 
11. Answer to What is the capital of Delaware is: Dover 
12. Answer to What is the capital of New Hampshire is: Concord 
13. Answer to What is the capital of Vermont is: Montpelier 
14. Answer to What is the capital of Utah is: Salt Lake City 
15. Answer to What is the capital of Colorado is: Denver 
16. Answer to What is the capital of Connecticut is: Hartford 
17. Answer to What is the capital of Pennsylvania is: Harrisburg 
18. Answer to What is the capital of Michigan is: Lansing 
19. Answer to What is the capital of Idaho is: Boise 
20. Answer to What is the capital of Louisiana is: Baton Rouge 
21. Answer to What is the capital of Rhode Island is: Providence 
22. Answer to What is the capital of Arkansas is: Little Rock 
23. Answer to What is the capital of Virginia is: Richmond 
24. Answer to What is the capital of Washington is: Olympia 
25. Answer to What is the capital of New Mexico is: Santa Fe 
26. Answer to What is the capital of Missouri is: Jefferson City 
27. Answer to What is the capital of Hawaii is: Honolulu 
28. Answer to What is the capital of Alabama is: Montgomery 
29. Answer to What is the capital of Maryland is: Annapolis 
30. Answer to What is the capital of Texas is: Austin 
31. Answer to What is the capital of New York is: Albany 
32. Answer to What is the capital of Alaska is: Juneau 
33. Answer to What is the capital of Maine is: Augusta 
34. Answer to What is the capital of Kentucky is: Frankfort 
35. Answer to What is the capital of Wyoming is: Cheyenne 
36. Answer to What is the capital of Indiana is: Indianapolis 
37. Answer to What is the capital of North Dakota is: Bismarck 
38. Answer to What is the capital of Tennessee is: Nashville 
39. Answer to What is the capital of Nebraska is: Lincoln 
40. Answer to What is the capital of Kansas is: Topeka 
41. Answer to What is the capital of Massachusetts is: Boston 
42. Answer to What is the capital of Illinois is: Springfield 
43. Answer to What is the capital of California is: Sacramento 
44. Answer to What is the capital of Mississippi is: Jackson 
45. Answer to What is the capital of Ohio is: Columbus 
46. Answer to What is the capital of Montana is: Helena 
47. Answer to What is the capital of Oregon is: Salem 
48. Answer to What is the capital of Florida is: Tallahassee 
49. Answer to What is the capital of West Virginia is: Charleston 
50. Answer to What is the capital of Iowa is: Des Moines 
